Added discord to Tools Not to Use. (#58)
InfosecForActivistsTeam/infosec-activists: content/en/_index.md

worse, the full encryption technique is not active for all conversations by default.

### (Do not use) WhatsApp
WhatsApp, while popular in some activist circles, [has similar issues](https://theintercept.com/2016/06/22/battle-of-the-secure-messaging-apps-how-signal-beats-whatsapp/),
and we recommend against that service as well. We recommend [Signal](https://signal.org/en/),
which was built from the ground up for personal security.
 
### (Do not use) Discord
Discord is growing in popularity among activists. It feels nice, as it is community-oriented, with 
individual "servers" for people to join around common interests. **Nothing on Discord is secure,**
meaning content (messages, images, etc.) posted to a Discord server can easily be seen by others outside
that server, and in some situations outside Discord entirely. 
[Discord provides data to law enforcement](https://discord.com/safety/360044157931-Working-with-law-enforcement) 
when requested. It is Discord's policy to notify users when such a request was executed, but there 
are occasions where laws allow for notice to be skipped.

> Discord collects information about all its users, including actions outside the Discord app.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discord collects information about all its users, **including actions outside the Discord app.**
```

According to the [Discord privacy policy](https://discord.com/privacy/#3), they collect your content
(messages, images, actions, etc), information about your device,
and some things you are doing outside the Discord app, like games you are playing, other apps you are 
using, and in some circumstances, websites you are visiting. Even if you sign up with Discord using

> a psyeudonym, the data about your device and actions [could be enough for to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a pseudonym, the data about your device and actions [could be enough to 
```
